The Joe Rogan experience. What's up? Jeremy, did you see what you know,
Colin O' Brady who was on the podcast a few months ago.
Now he's gonna row across Antarctica. Drake's passage,
I guess is what it's called in this little teeny row boat. Oh Jesus.
<Laugh> he's.
Crazy. A couple other guys he's gonna do it with, but I guess they're gonna,
he walked across Antarctica.
How story? How do they, it really, it,
I can't imagine it not being fraught at every other footstep.
I bet you do that though.
For like however long it takes him a summer rowing you come out ripped.
I bet you get developed serious back muscles. <laugh> yeah.
I would say, yeah. Yeah. You know,
that is the really positive way to look at it. Yeah. It's.
A great workout. If you want to.
Do you want bigger back? <laugh>.
We want your back to look beautiful. Okay. Crew must roll four hours a day.
Rotating around the clock with little to no sleep. What? Yeah.
The live streaming, this whole thing with discovery. So my God, if they die,
we're gonna watch it, bro. I just,
I just swells can tower up to 50 feet high. What the man. Do you imagine?
It sounds so CRA. It sounds so crazy.
Well, imagine it's two like 27 in the morning. Yeah.
And everyone's asleep and you're in charge of rowing over 50 foot.
Swells. And how much can you sleep? If everybody has to work 24 hours a day,
what do you get? Like an hour sleep a day. Well, you.
Get tons of fake sleep. There's the boat. It's.
Tired of rowing. You're in the zone. Look at this boat too. It's a.
Little boat. Can you imagine being the cameraman?
That's the most boring thing ever on that.
Did you see that cameraman on the back? Oh, that's.
Ridiculous. He's got a row two though. There's no one. Who's just a camera man.
Six athletes that says one, but.
No chance. No motor.
They're. Yeah. Yeah. No sale. Oh God.
Why do people have to do things like this? No. Turning back.
I love talking to them when they come back, but why do they have to do that?
It just seems so ridiculous. Good luck. The impossible. Follow.
The expedition. I wonder how you sell that idea to,
to like the other rower they have to be too. There you go. <laugh>.
Bunch of crazy to get together. I was thinking about running a thousand miles.
Well, Hey, before you do that, I got a project.
Yeah. Does it start with like, hear me out, just hear me out.
Let me finish the it's the pitch. And then like,
do you have to preces that like that? Yeah. Or do you just gently try to.
I think those kind of people, I don't know what you.
Up to. Yeah, certainly. They're they're near the or store or whatever.
The.
There are some people out there that just can't push themselves hard enough,
you know? No matter what happens. They're like the,
like my friend David Goggins, he ran this, uh, Moab two 40,
it's a 240 mile race through the desert. <laugh> he, um,
developed pulmonary edema. Which, uh,
I guess you get at high altitudes when you're exerting yourself. Yeah.
That Everest like yeah. Crazy. Right. So he goes to the hospital,
they treat him, he gets back and finishes the race.
So he ran another 80 miles after he ran 180 plus with
pulmonary edema.
Like what? Well,
but does that mean that when you get done that you're like good. Whew.
Okay. No, he didn't give a that. I mean, it's, there's no end with that.
Guy that, that, uh it's. There's no destination at all.
There's no finish line. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. It's just like break to take a leak. I suppose the.
Thing is they know, they all know there's other people like them out there.
So it's.
Like, cause they're at the same race. Yeah. Not.
Even just that, it's just, they're all connected. But for, from the internet,
you know, they're all connected through the circles that they travel in.
They're connected through just, but they follow other people like them online.
But do.
You, but do you think that a drive like that is more an internal one?
Or do you think that the competition of seeing what someone else did is, is a,
what kind of factor do you think that.
I think they, they both a factor. It's,
it's other people that are pushing it. They make you realize that it's possible.
And then it's other it's you,
you also have to have some sort of insane internal furnace.
Yeah. Well there,
I believe when they did some brain testing on that climber fellow that did the,
um, Alex Honnold. Yeah, I, yeah. Yeah.
That he just didn't trip out as it took a lot more to freak him out. Oh yeah.
I'm sure that the, his brain waves are like, yeah, no, I'm cool.
Like when you're hanging by one toenail upside down.
Dude, you even talking about him makes me nervous.
I've had him on twice those shots. Yeah. Oh.
My God. I, I, I shouldn't someone else's pants. I get so scared. <laugh>.
Bar you pants.
Those look great on you. Let me try them on. And then like, here you go.
Dude. Sometimes it's not even straight up and down.
Sometimes it's an angle back. Yeah. Like, yeah.
Like 15 degrees back the wrong direction. Like what.
I do. You just watch that and get vertigo where your balls are sort of like,
right. Look at this. Look at.
Don't I bro. That that's way than 15 degrees. How many degrees is that? Uh,
if you had a guess 45, that's like 45 degrees, right? Yeah. Yeah.
So that is definitely 45 degrees.
Thousand feet up in the sky. Oh.
But do you have to, my palms are sweaty. Yeah. My, do.
You sweat like crazy? Do you have to.
Feel that for, yeah, it's just, I couldn't tell if that's yours or mine, dude.
That's crazy. Like instantaneous.
Palm, sweat. We need to drink Purell now <laugh>.
Slide our hands on fire.
Put our hands in the same bucket of water use for this scorpion.
You know? Right. And ride in motorcycle. Like I,
I try to stay focused and be very no right in the moment. Yeah.
Because it's a requirement like when you're sort of like,
did I leave the iron on? Right.
That that's whenever I've gotten in like a little fender bender or right, right.
Of course. You know? Um, and, but in that, there is no,
you do, do you have to stay so in it that there is no out or I think so. Yeah.
Can you let yourself drift in like,
almost like a meditative state and just be like hands? I don't.
Think you can. I think if you drift, you're. I mean, I think first of all.
Well, so how do you stop requirements? Well then how do you stop things? Like,
you know, guess who's hungry, hands up. Oh. You know? I mean, I think he.
Does it so often that he knows how to get into that state, but you know,
there's also like, look at that little thing, go that back to state.
Just believe, look at that little thing he's holding on with his left hand.
What's this say that doesn't chip loose? Mm-hmm <affirmative> what's this say?
What's this say? I mean, some of those.
Rock about manifesting that you do it talk about saying
guess, you know, it's already done. You'd have to say it's already done.
I don't know what I think you just gotta go left foot. Right. Foot, right hand,
left hand. And then you also have done it many times with ropes.
But also on when you're on the ground, you're like wanna hang out and he's like,
no, bro, that.
Looks like 60 degrees. This feels a little more that's insane.
He's like basically hanging upside down climbing was so far above the
trees.
On purpose, on purpose, purpose. Like, like it's Tuesday there,
you know what I mean? Most.
People you and me included would be dead.
We wouldn't be able to do what he's doing.
Oh, I'd be dead of a heart attack on the, from realizing I was gonna try. And.
He's such a mellow guy too. That's what it's really interesting. Yeah.
Like, look at that smile. That's that's it's like.
He also just started recently getting injured.
Right. I saw that thing. Yeah. In the, the movie I tell you what though, I,
I will read or watch anything about Everest or climbing or I don't mm-hmm
<affirmative> if there's something, cuz I'm always like, well I'm gonna go for,
for that metaphorically, you know, but metaphorically. Yeah.
Like I'm gonna take that.
Metaphor, that energy and put it into.
The car and put it into something else. Like yeah. I don't know.
Pass those chips over here. Like I, the way.
I eat. Yeah. I eat the way those climbers risk their lives.
See that Sunday over there I'm gonna climb that.
Thing. It's just knowing that some one like that is out there though.
It changes what our, our expectations are. Like what, what we think of as the,
the boundaries of human performance and what someone's capable of doing.
Well. It's cert it certainly, there's a weird, um,
epiphany when you're watching someone do that. Yeah.
Cuz you're sort of like I'm doing the exact opposite of this person that
I'm watching. Yeah. You're just sitting there.
Yeah. You're like not risking anything. Uh.
Yeah. You're just sort of like, thank you for doing this for my pleasure.
It's there's a, there's a moment of disconnect for me when I, when I'm like,
I'm going on a hike, I can't finish this movie anymore. Or you know, <laugh>,
I'm not supposed to finish this movie anymore.
Well, it's,
it's interesting because what he's doing is essentially a spectator sport,
but there's no audience until after it's done.
Right. So it, so it ultimately for the,
for the climb must be singularly about you. I mean, it must be, uh,
the how, I don't know how you, how you include someone else during that.
No thing.
I think it's just all about the moment. I think he's just, like I said,
I think he's thinking left foot, right foot, right hand, left hand. And he just,
you just keep going and you know, the past, well.
Then that would be akin to, to, you know,
some of the greatest meditative minds that's I've ever existed. Yeah.
It's gotta be because it's one thing to meditate and position and, and,
and kind of go deeply within and keep going into the depths,
which are vast. Right. Mm-hmm <affirmative> but it's different if you said no,
you get up and climb this thing, please. Yeah. There,
there would be a certain amount of, no, no, I'm still meditating.
<laugh> I'm not gonna do that. Right. Where you might be like, no I'm doing the,
this, so I don't have to do that.
Right. To maintain that mindset through action.
That's a different kind of meditation because the consequences are so grave.